[ Breathing heavily ]
♪♪
Finally.
[ Sighs ]
It's finally over.
Headon: No. [ Scoffs ]
It's just the beginning.
♪♪
Rachel: I'm sorry, Bam.
[ Breathing rapidly ]
[ Gasps ]
It's calling me.
You know
I have to climb the tower.
Forget about me.
The tower, it...
it's calling me.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
This will probably be...
the moment all my dreams
come true.
Headon:
Oh, no, it wasn't you.
Huh?
Indeed, the tower
wasn't calling you.
But I...
No, I -- I beg you,
let me in.
Please, let me in.
Give me a chance.
A chance?
You must. I've dreamt of
climbing the tower for so long.
Please, please!
Then let us test you.
Huh?
♪♪
What do you mean?
The rules are simple.
He was merciless, hurling
nothing but despair my way.
Everything was supposed to be
mine once I climbed the tower.
I can't pass this test.
I'll fail.
How can I take on
that monster?
I don't even have a weapon
to protect myself.
It's cruel to assign
such an impossible task!
Silence.
[ Gasps, groans ]
Now open your eyes
and watch...
Huh?
...as your true savior
is revealed.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
This is too much to bear.
♪♪
My savior is Bam?
But all he ever did
was follow me around.
Why?
Why does he get everything?
He's just Bam.
♪♪
I'm quite interested in watching
what will happen next.
Not that you'll be there
to see it, of course.
[ Grunts ]
Do you understand now
why you weren't chosen
to climb the tower?
Pathetic. That was hardly
any Shinsu at all.
You're too weak.
There's an ugliness
that seeps out from inside you.
You don't have
an ounce of charm about you.
Say what you like
about me.
But I desperately
want to see the stars.
No.
It's clear you want to
become a star.
[ Gasps ]
Don't you want to shine
the brightest?
To be special?
Be admired?
♪♪
Please let me climb it.
I have to climb the tower.
I'll do anything you ask.
Anything?
Anything at all.
Just name it.
♪♪
Then, out of respect
for your bottomless stupidity
and self-serving nature,
let us conduct
a special test.
Huh?
What's the test?
If you can manage
to bring his life to a close,
I will grant you permission
to climb the tower.
What?
You must end Bam's story
with your own hands,
no one else's.
Your condition is you
want me to kill Bam?
Why do you sound
so surprised?
You don't need him anymore.
You abandoned him.
Remember?
That's not what I...
Only you can decide
what happens now.
I'm going to need
a weapon.
Bam has
an incredible weapon.
Come on.
[ Chuckles ]
You're steadfast dedication
to your own self-interest
is impressive.
Consider him your bodyguard,
your gatekeeper to hell.
Just once
you will be resurrected.
Woman: It's okay to kill all
of them, right?
Rachel: Yes, of course,
I sincerely wished...
for someone else to kill Bam.
Please don't worry.
We won't steal the crown.
After all,
I could never kill Bam...
even for the tower.
Observe him?
Yes, to see if the boy
is worthy of what we desire.
The girl will serve
as the bait.
[ Gasps ]
This is wrong. I mean, wasn't
he supposed to die for me?
♪♪
Bam: No! Don't!
Why? Why would you save me?
You shouldn't have.
After all,
I'm supposed to kill you.
Khun: You want me to lie to him?
Say you're not Rachel?
Yes.
I can't let him
look at me anymore.
You know, Bam wants
to be with you, right?
We can't be together.
I'd lay low
and wait for my chance.
At least that was the plan.
But my body refused
to listen to me.
Time continued to pass.
♪♪
Before I knew it,
I hoarded points,
terrified of spending any.
What if I can't kill a Bam?
I can't climb the tower,
not with this few points.
Why?
He keeps getting
everything I want.
I hope whatever you're seeking
at the top of the tower
is worth more
than losing him.
♪♪
It's the same thing.
Always "Bam, Bam, Bam."
What does she know?
♪♪
But can I do it?
I can't, can I?
At this rate, you'll never
climb the tower.
Or have you already
given up hope?
Of course I haven't!
Then make use of everything
you have at your disposal.
Huh?
Go along with the disturbance
that's about to occur.
Create a situation that will
allow you to stick close to Bam
during the next test.
Create...?
What am I supposed to do?
When the time comes
to choose,
you'll understand...
as long as you don't
misread the signs.
I'm here because
I'd like to chat.
I'd like to talk
to you about Bam.
Don't misread the signs?
It said if I got rid of you
Bam would go too.
[ Gasps ]
I'll do anything.
Whatever it takes
to climb the tower.
Hoh, stop.
What are you doing?
All of it is your fault!
You shouldn't have shown
off your power!
[ Gasps ]
Let me go!
-[ Grunts ] Stop it!
[ Gasps ]
Did I make the right choice?
[ Exhales sharply ]
It didn't hurt at all.
I have a backup.
-Huh?
-No! Rachel!
Is this what she meant?
Creating a situation
that lets me stick by him?
-Rachel!
-Is this right now?
Now I can climb the tower.
Now I can...
Bam.
Rachel!
Sweet, kind-hearted Bam.
Rachel, wake up, please!
Bam...
why did...
you follow me?
[ Gasps ]
I told you not to come.
I...
[ Gasps ]
After that, it was amusing
how much everything
went according to plan,
My legs can be Rachel's legs.
I can take her up
the tower myself.
What the...?
As long as I did
what she said...
May I offer a prayer
as well?
Of course you can.
...the chance to kill him
would come soon enough.
I just had to wait for it.
It was that simple.
-Thank you.
-Huh?
I'm glad you could
attend Hoh's funeral.
I know that it's hard.
My mind's made up.
I'd give up everything
to achieve my dream.
I've decided.
Hey, Rachel.
[ Sobbing ]
I'm sorry. I upset.
Or...
Run, Bam.
Why are you here?
I abandoned you.
Run.
I was desperate
to see the stars.
Run.
Run! Run!
Run! Run! Run!
Please.
Huh?
So, I guess that...
now...
it's your turn
to abandon me.
Or I really will...
♪♪
After what happened,
you don't need me anymore.
♪♪
A shining ray of light.
Huh?
You lit up
my dark and lonely world.
♪♪
You showed me the light.
I'm so lucky.
No one could ever
replace you.
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
[ Crying ] I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry, Bam.
I'm -- I'm not a light.
I'm too black and muddy.
Your words touched
nothing in me.
They fell on deaf ears.
The tower is everything to me.
I was so jealous of you.
It drove me to my madness.
I hated you.
But my heart's unsure...
and they won't be
so forgiving
of my uncertainty.
Do you know
what you desire?
-Huh?
-This is your last chance.
The last opportunity you'll have
to reach the top of the tower.
[ Gasps ]
Well, Rachel, consider yourself
extremely fortunate.
There's nowhere to run now.
I have to do it.
It's going to be okay.
Our teammates
are strong, smart and capable.
They'll protect us.
You're right.
Did you ever imagine
something like this?
What?
Back we stared
at the roof of the cave.
Did you imagine
we'd end up here?
I did.
Even in
the future I dreamt,
I always knew someday
I'd end up here with you.
Maybe there's a way for me
to climb the tower with Bam.
You're not afraid
in the slightest, Bam, are you?
I am,
but if I acted scared,
wouldn't that
just make you anxious?
[ Exhales ]
[ Laughs ]
Rachel? What's wrong?
Look at you acting
all cool and heroic.
[ Chuckles ]
Just like old times.
You look at me so intently
with those sweet eyes.
You're the only one
who treats me like I'm special.
What is it that you truly desire
from the tower?
Huh?
It's clear you want
to become a star.
Don't you want to shine
the brightest?
To be special?
Be admired?
The Guardian asked me
what I wanted --
what I wanted when I finally got
to the top of the tower.
Huh?
And the first thing
that immediately came to mind
was your face.
The thing I saw after that
was the cafeteria.
That's when it finally
sunk in for me.
You're amazing,
you know that?
No, I knew all along
but wouldn't acknowledge it.
Hey.
He became the star,
not me.
Rachel,
you feel it too, right?
Huh? Yeah.
♪♪
I wonder
what this light is.
It feels like there's power
welling up inside of me.
Bam has so many things
I don't have.
-Anything is possible in here.
-Huh?
I mean, after all,
we're inside Shinsu right now,
I'll never experience
the miracle of Shinsu.
Bam is the one
who's special.
Oh, no, it wasn't you.
I'm just supplemental.
The moon borrowing
the sun's light.
Everything's going to be
okay, Rachel.
Huh?
No matter what happens
from now on,
there's nothing
to worry about.
I'll take you
to the top.
We'll climb the tower
together.
[ Exhales ]
Bam.
If I stay with you, then I...
Also,
I'm a different person
from the one
back in that cave.
...I can't become a star.
I've made friends,
and I've learned
to use Shinsu a little bit.
So it's going to be okay.
Together, we'll climb --
I can't climb it with you.
Han: Do you know
what you desire?
In place of you,
the strong, kind-hearted
and universally beloved Bam...
We can look at the stars
at the top...t-together.
...I will become a star
in your place.
Rachel?
I'm so sorry, Bam.
Rak:
Hey! Woman turtle!
Where the hell
is black turtle?
We were attacked...
by the bull.
-Huh?
-What?
-You're not serious.
-What do you mean? Where's Bam?
-What happened to Bam? Hey!
-Rachel.
Congratulations.
♪♪
Everything
went according to plan.
Lero-Ro: We thoroughly
searched the area,
but we couldn't find
Bam's body anywhere.
He must have been eaten
by a fish.
It's quite unfortunate.
[ Crying ]
Um, so...
may I ask the results
of the test?
[ Growls ]
Right now? Really?
Shut up! I'm actually here
to climb the tower!
What's everybody's problem?
-Just shut your mouth.
The test is over now
and every one of you has passed.
-[ Sighs ]
-[ Growls ]
I will contact you later
with the next steps.
♪♪
[ Rak howling ]
Damn it.
[ Howling continues
in distance ]
♪♪
How much of everything
that occurred
was always
a part of your plan?
Only the fish hunt
or everything?
[ Chuckles ]
How is this amusing?
What did you do to Rachel?
Tell me!
I didn't do anything.
♪♪
Every decision she made
was hers.
I think everyone
in this room owes Bam a favor,
even if he's gone.
Favors should always
be returned.
-What could we do for him?
-What we can do
is take the woman turtle
to the top of the tower for him.
Rachel's injury
would make it hard on her own.
Khun?
This is wrong. We shouldn't
just accept this.
These shitty rules constrain us
and make us suffer.
[ Laughs ]
No. We'll change
the whole tower.
Let's climb it...
-[ Laughing hysterically ]
-...with Rachel.
♪♪
[ Chuckles ]
-You're quitting your job?
-Yes,
and they're bringing
in some new blood.
What?
Which means you're now
out of a job, too.
That's not fair!
I got dragged into your fight.
-Want to come with me?
-Huh?
I'm going to climb the tower
in search of the truth.
Hold on.
What are you saying?
Lero-Ro.
♪♪
Han: It's fine.
Everything has gone
according to plan.
All the Princesses of Jahad
now believe Bam is dead.
♪♪
Stars shine anywhere,
especially in the dark.
♪♪
Let me offer a prayer
for those of you remaining.
I hope whatever it is you seek
lies at the end
of the difficult path
you're all about to travel.
Know that the hand grasping...
Bam really cared about you more
than anything in this world.
I pray you can be proud
of the path you've walked.
Yes, I know.
No, you don't.
Huh?
If you really knew,
there's no way
you would still be here.
♪♪
I so wish I could have met Bam
before you did.
[ Sighs ]
It's clear to me
that he was well-loved.
♪♪
Hwa: Even if the two of you
are reunited,
things will never be
exactly as they once were.
When you meet her again,
she will have lived
for some time without you.
[ Waves crashing ]
♪♪
[ Grunts softly ]
[ Groans ]
♪♪
What happened?
Why am I...
Why am I here?
♪♪
Where's Rachel?
Where...?
You're still worried
about her
after what she did to you?
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
Rachel pushed me?
You poor little boy.
You possess power
everyone desperately
wants to
get their hands on.
I don't care...
about that.
[ Breathing heavily ]
Even the savior can become
the god of this tower.
You have the key to knowing
everything there is to know.
In that case,
what I really
want to know is...
Then you're going to
have to climb.
[ Gasps ]
It's the only way.
You want to know what it is
about the tower
that drove
you and her mad?
The answers to everything
you want to know lie at the top.
♪♪
If you seek these answers,
then I will endeavor
to train you.
The answers aren't at the top
of the tower.
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
The answers...
I'll find them.
I'm the one who...
I'll decide...
what they are.
And to do that,
I won't stop
till I've climbed it.
Hmm.
Welcome....
[ Bells tolling ]
...to the Tower of God.
♪♪
Rachel:
What do you desire?
♪♪
Climb the tower,
and everything will be yours.
At the top exists
everything in this world,
and all of it can be yours.
You can become a god.
This is the story of Rachel,
the girl who climbed the tower
so she could see the stars,
and Bam, the boy
who needed nothing except her.
This is their end
and their beginning.
[ Wind howling ]
♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪♪
♪ Tell me something, how much
higher can we go from here ♪
♪ We changing the game ♪
♪ And they all wanna know if
this is only a phase ♪
♪ Don't have the answer
but we keep on climbing ♪
♪ Breaking boundaries
and setting the pace ♪
♪ And we ain't never gonna stop
until the world's our stage ♪
♪ Yeah, you might say
that it's impossible ♪
♪ Stronger together,
we'll turn it into probable ♪
♪ And in the darkest shadows
we'll be shining, uh ♪
♪ So hold on tight 'cause we KO
every single fight ♪
♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪ No turning back ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪ I'm not gonna fall ♪
♪ I'll rise till
I reach the sky ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up until
I see the light, I go ♪
♪♪